Committee Meeting Minutes#28/10/22#Present:
Keith Belshaw
Tony Smith
Graeme Gow
Pete Holleran
Roger Ireland
Dale Aitkenhead

Apologies:
Andy Davison

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and agreed as a true record
Tony Smith has stood down from the committee as Secretary and full duties have been handed
over to Graeme Gow.
The committee took this opportunity to thank Tony for his outstanding contribution to the Seniors Section.
Two new members have joined the Seniors Section. The committee welcome Andy Johnson and Marcus Wilkinson into the section. ***Email details to be confirmed***

Financial Progress:
The section account has £2452.97 with funds for Trophy engraving still to come out. The cost of the engraving should be between £70 and £150 dependent upon inflation and new costings. This costing is to be confirmed. (AD/PH)

This looks like we have a huge amount of spare cash.
To clarify. The fund will have approximately £1000 less after the Christmas Meal and engraving of trophies.

Christmas Meal:
This year’s Christmas event is set to take place on Monday 12th December.
A 9 hole Team Texas Scramble competition will take place in the morning between 10 am and 12 noon on the Lakes Course to allow for the use of buggies. This will be followed by the Christmas meal and annual Trophy prize giving.
The event is set to cost the Section approx £900 dependent upon the number of members taking
part. 
The event will be subsidised by the section to the value of £15 per member attending the meal.
Members attending the meal are required to pay £5 towards the cost of the event which includes the Christmas meal and a pre dinner drink. (All)

Winter Golf:
During the winter months first tee times for Seniors Competitions will be as follows:
November - 08:30
December - January - 09:00
February - 08:30
Friday Competitions will alternate between The Lakes and The Dawson.
Mondays will be on The Lakes.

It has been decided that during the winter months bunkers will still be in play unless there is an excessive amount of water in the bunker or they are frozen. Puddles in bunkers will be treated as casual water and relief taken within the bunker as per R&A rules.
Due to the general condition of the bunkers it has been decided that should a ball enter a bunker there will be a “pick, rake and place” rule put in place. It is hoped the bunkers will continue to be raked by the course rangers as they have been doing recently, which will eliminate the need to pick rake and place.
Preferred lies are in place so no teeing up on fairways or mats will be allowed during Monday or Friday competitions. Preferred lies will also only be on 1st cut fairway grass and fringes of the greens.

Monday competitions:
As previously mentioned, Monday competitions will be played on The Lakes.
It has been decided that every second Monday competition will still be registered on the BRS App and scores put through England Golf. This means preferred lies will only be available on fairways (1st cut) and fringes around the greens. It was decided that due to the large amount of worm casts on the course it is not always possible to get a preferred lie within a 6 inch area.
The committee have made the decision to extend the preferred lie distance to 1 club length.
Please Note: This is only for seniors organised competitions and not club competitions.
On the alternating week a team game will take place.
Friday competitions will continue as in previous years using a Society type handicapping system.

Matchplay Results:
Eric Saddler was victorious in the Single Matchplay
Graeme Gow and Rob Green won the doubles Matchplay.

Summer Golf Program:
A 2 tier handicap system will be implemented next summer for Seniors Competitions along similar lines being implemented by Longhirst Golf Club.
Winter results will be analysed to devise a fair category system. (PH/KB)

Friendly Matches and Jack Deeble Trophy:
A friendly match schedule has been agreed in principal and dates organised with opposing Clubs.
Dates have been provisionally accepted. All matches to be confirmed. (Section Captain)
Jack Deeble Trophy dates for 2023 have now been confirmed (PH)

Any Other Business:
A proposal for a Seniors Winter League to commence in December has been put forward. The feasibility and logistics of this will be discussed at the next meeting.

Admin Rota for November:
7th Roger Ireland/Tony Smith
14th Graeme Gow/Pete Holleran
21st Keith Belshaw/Tony Smith
28th Dale Aitkenhead/TBC
The date for the next meeting is Monday 21st November 2022. To be held immediately after the
Monday Sweep
