Committee Meeting Minutes#13/02/23#Present:
Keith Belshaw
Graeme Gow
Roger Ireland
Pete Holleran
Dale Aitkenhead
Tony Smith

Apologies:
Andy Davison


Matters Arising:
1. Two rounds of The Jack Deeble Trophy have been arranged these being: 26th April against Alnwick, to be played on the Lakes and 18th May against Dunstanburgh (away). PH
2. A financial statement is required to be distributed to members before the AGM which will be held on March 20th at 08:00hrs. Agenda to also be distributed to members inviting them to attend. AD/GG
3. Distribution of club competition fees between sections is still being discussed between Longhirst Golf Club and Seniors Section KB

Summer Competition Entry:
It was agreed a vote would be put to the membership at the AGM that Seniors entering the Spring, Summer and Autumn Cups play a minimum amount of Monday or Friday competitions prior to these events (amount to be decided) It was agreed this would hopefully encourage more of our members to play during the week. (All)

New Memberships:
Longhirst Golf Club to be approached to encourage members over 55 to join the Seniors Section via BRS. A suggestion was put forward to suggest to Longhirst Golf Club having a 5 day Seniors membership to encourage more seniors into Longhirst Golf Club. GG

Summer Social:
A proposal for a summer Social Event has been put forward. It was agreed this should be discussed with members at the AGM to gauge interest. (All)

Financial Report:
After the Christmas Lunch expenditure and Trophy engraving the Section has approximately £1500 in its funds.
As a reminder there is still the possibility the Section could get an historical invoice from Matfen Hall for £700. Bearing this in mind the Section will carry over approximately £800 into the next financial year.
It is anticipated subs will be £30 again next year. This will also be discussed at the AGM (A.D)

Longhirst Hall G.C. Competition Fees:
Longhirst Hall competition fees have historically been used to subsidise the Men's Team. It has been noted that we (Seniors) are also club members who play in these competitions. The club is to be approached to see if these funds are solely for the Men's Team or if a percentage is available for other representatives of Longhirst Golf Club. (K.B)

Winter Handicapping:
From Friday 6th Jan 2023. It was decided to play the same handicap system for Mondays and Fridays competitions. England Golf Handicap Index would be the initial starting point.
It was agreed no persons handicap would go up during the winter period. It was also agreed that handicaps would be cut by 2 shots, 1 shot and 0.5 of a shot for 1st, 2nd and 3rd places respectively.
There would also be a 3, 2 and 1 shot deduction for points scores of 46, 44 and 42 respectively.
This will be in place until 31st March 2023. At this time EG rules and regulations will be re-introduced.
A comprehensive email will be sent to members.







