Committee Meeting Minutes#16/09/22#Present:
Keith Belshaw
Tony Smith
Pete Holleran
Roger Ireland
Graeme Gow

Apologies:
Dale Aitkenhead, Andy Davison

Minutes of Last Meeting:
The minutes of the last meeting were agreed and recorded as a true record. (ALL)

Matters Arising:
i) The retirement of Brian Simpson and thanks from the committee and members for his services was not officially minuted and as such has now been minuted.

ii) A colour sample and embroidered tee shirt was presented to the committee and it has been agreed the colour and embroidery style will go ahead.
Sizes from Medium to XXL will be purchased as a sizing guide and will be presented at Monday
sign ons for people to try on and order should they require one. Samples will be made  available ASAP. (GG)

iii) There are still debates about local rules at Longhirst Golf Club and the fact that, if they are not written down they do not exist. It is intended to approach Graham Chambers to clarify the position about local rules and have a signed copy of these rules produced to clear up any ambiguities. (GG)

iv) The Club Championship Salver has been purchased and engraved. It is on display in the Clubhouse and will be presented this year for the best Nett Score over the two rounds. (PH)

Financial Report:
The section is currently comfortably solvent.
It was reported the invitation day made £60 and Nearest the Pin competitions has earned the section £100. At this time last year the section had £2345.11. To date the section has £2571.17. It is proposed that at the end of each season the section has approximately £1000 in the bank. With this in mind it was proposed that there could be a larger subsidy for the Christmas Dinner. The amount is unknown at the present time.

A full and comprehensive Financial Report will be available at the AGM with a full breakdown of all income and expenditure.

It was proposed that subs remain at £30.00 for the season 2023/2024. This will be discussed at the AGM. (AD)

Friendlies/Jack Deeble Trophy:
All friendlies have been completed until next year. The final event was against the ladies on Tuesday 13th September. The format proved to be very competitive, with the ladies coming out as victors with a total Stableford Score of 291 versus the Seniors score of 288.

Alnmouth Village have withdrawn from The Jack Deeble Trophy and are expected to be replaced by Magdalene Fields from Berwick upon Tweed.
Blyth GC had approached us to play a friendly next year which has been declined due to an already busy calendar.

As of Monday 10th October there will no longer be a draw for tee times after 09:00hrs. There will however still be a draw for team games which will take place on the Friday prior to the Monday Comp. People wishing to participate in the team games should have added their name to the tee sheet on BRS by early evening on the Friday to facilitate the draw (GG)

Admin Rota:
3rd Graeme Gow/Tony Smith
10th Keith Belshaw/Roger Ireland
17th Tony Smith/ ?
24th Roger Ireland/Keith Belshaw
31st Tony Smith/Graeme Gow
Andy/Dale please step up for a duty.

Any Other Business:
i) The cost of the Christmas Dinner is unknown at present. This will be forthcoming once Kitchen budgets have been calculated. Last years cost was £870. This is expected to go up considerably this year due to the current climate of inflation (TS)

ii) The club is still to be approached about sending out an email to qualifying ‘Senior’ aged
members to expand the seniors membership (GG)

iii) There are 24 players travelling to Eyemouth for The Autumn Cup with a subsidy of £15.50. The total cost to the section is £520.00 including sweeps. (Separate email to follow)

iv) Due to the Queen’s Funeral, matchplay finals have been postponed from 19th September. It was decided mutual arrangements between finalists are made amongst themselves. To be played before the AGM (ALL)

iiv) It has been calculated that 75% of the Seniors Competitions are won by those with a handicap greater than 18. A proposal will be put forward at the AGM about splitting the Competitions in to categories,
For example 0-12.4 and 12.5 to 28. (Please note, these are just examples) The subject will be discussed at the AGM.
As a result of this the Overall winner would get 50% of the prize fund and the other 50% would be split between second place overall and the lower handicap category winner. (ALL)

iiv) It was agreed Graeme Gow would take over full duties as Section Secretary from the end of October (ALL)

The next committee meeting is to be held on Friday 28th October after the Friday Sweep.
